it's 11 GMT that's 1 p.m. in Gaza where
the Israeli Army has been bombing the
southern city of K yunas an artillery
strikes hit the headquarters of the
Palestine red crescent Society thousands
of displaced Palestinians were
Sheltering there attacks on residential
buildings in conun on Monday night
killed at least 26 people videos emerg
showing Palestinians stripped to their
underwear and rounded up by Israeli
forces in a sports stadium in Gaza it
comes as the UN Sons the alarm about
Israel's treatment of detainees and the
arm is raiding cities across the
occupied West Bank including toar heon
betunia and tubas one Palestinian been
killed and 55 have been detained well
Han mmu is joining us live now from Rafa
in southern Gaza okay bring us up to
date with the latest of these attacks
particularly of course the one on the
Palestinian red crescent
building yes well ongoing military uh
operations in the eastern part of of the
Gaza STP including Heavy Artillery Shing
uh at residential buildings as well as
Relentless air strikes within the past
couple hours or so a target an air
strike and artillery Shing at the uh the
Palestinian Society in Al AML District
that's a western side of Kanis and area
that was designated as safe uh within
the the uh uh the the first few weeks of
of the war on Gaza as a safe area for
people to evacuate to is uh becoming a
site of Major uh artillery Heavy
Artillery shelling and air strikes that
building uh houses the uh the palestin
Society and also it houses also thousand
of Palestinian displaced Palestinian
vacu from across the G strip and more of
those
displaced Palestinian took the building
as a refuge within the past few weeks as
the Israeli invading forces were
expanding in the Eastern side of hanun
as well as the central pushing deeper
into the central part of of the city of
hanun as we see it's more of a a
systematic attacks on on health care
facilities and whether it's hospitals uh
uh public hospital or private clinics
and now it's more a charity based health
facility like the red crescent and and
other health facilities across the G
it's all part of a plan of crippling the
Health Care system and it's very
consistent with the with today regular
narrative and efforts just to make the
entire Gaza Strip unbearable and
unlivable for the coming uh years just
as we are reporting this constant
buzzing sound of a drone just make it
increasingly unsafe for the residents of
this area in Western Central and western
side of rafah city as well as the the
the devastating mental impact it has on
on people particularly a vulnerable
group elderly as well as children as it
it has a negative NE ative psychological
effect and it causes a lack of
concentration and and constant severe
headache as it continues to buzz but
every time a drone is in the
sky the expectations are high for an
attack similar to what happened within
the past few days when we reporting live
and then after a drone was hovering at
the low level major attacks have been
targeting two residential buildings as
well as a a mosque at the vicinity of
this uh of this Hospital so far the
situations on the ground are very
difficult as those Relentless air
strikes and the constant bombardment of
different areas of the G trip causing
more people and forcing them into
displacement and the aftermath of this
is a pressure on Health Care Facilities
as people take them as shelters as well
as evacuation centers that are already
packed with thousands of people inside
of them and the the cause of a possible
famine h thank you very much indeed
hanim Mahmud talking to us from
Rafa